3 19 release notes (#3533)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

<!-- ALL LINKS TO INTERNAL DOCS MUST BE COMPLETE URLS INCLUDING HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## March 19, 2024

### New Astro Hosted regions added for Azure

<HostedBadge/>

You can now create Hosted dedicated clusters in the following Azure regions:

- `centralus`
- `westus3`
- `southcentralus`

See [Astro Hosted resource reference](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/resource-reference-hosted) for more information.

### Additional Deployment-level permissions customization

:::publicpreview
:::

The ability to customize Deployment-level permissions with Deployment roles is now in [Public Preview](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/feature-previews).

> In addition to this change, you can now use the new roles **Workplace accessor** and **Deployment Admin** to refine how you control who has access to your Deployments. See more in [User permissions reference](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/user-permissions) and [Create and assign custom Deployment roles](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/customize-deployment-roles).

Author: If you click these links, they take you to what is live, that content is still WIP in https://github.com/astronomer/docs/pull/3532/files

> In addition to this change, you can now use the new roles **Workplace accessor** and **Deployment Admin** to refine how you control who has access to your Deployments. See more in [User permissions reference](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/user-permissions) and [Create and assign custom Deployment roles](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/customize-deployment-roles).

Author: - [Workspace Accessor](https://deploy-preview-3532--gallant-neumann-56599d.netlify.app/astro/user-permissions#workspace-roles) (adding it to the table will break the formatting to add one row of information, so I'm making the judgement call that having it as a bullet point is worth the trade-off for consistency)
- [Deployment Admin](https://deploy-preview-3532--gallant-neumann-56599d.netlify.app/astro/user-permissions#deployment-admin-role-public-preview)

### Export data from Reporting Dashboards with webhooks

:::publicpreview
:::

In addition to exporting report data with downloads or email, you can now [export reporting data](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/reporting-dash-exports) using webhooks, so you can send your Astronomer data to your webhook endpoints such as Segment, Airtable, or Marketo.

Note that Webhook exports is a [Sigma beta feature](https://help.sigmacomputing.com/docs/webhook-exports) and might experience behavior changes.

### Additional improvements

- Added a new **Credits** tab to the [Organization Billing page](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-billing), so you can see your credit balance.

> - For Astro Hybrid, the maximum worker concurrency increased from `64` to `256`.

Reviewer: There are also changes here for Hosted

here is the current Hosted UI in prod:

![image](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/997809/df46ef2a-ee77-4975-bc9a-58ccc85f7540)

^ it's a drop down

This has been changed to an entry:

![image](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/997809/d78f8254-c3af-4f50-89cb-f66292c540fc)

Author: Update from slack discussion - will not add at this time. UI design is sufficient to communicate this change.

<!-- ALL LINKS TO INTERNAL DOCS MUST BE COMPLETE URLS INCLUDING HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## March 19, 2024

### New Azure regions available on Astro Hosted

<HostedBadge/>

You can now create Hosted dedicated clusters in the following Azure regions:

- `centralus`
- `westus3`
- `southcentralus`

See [Astro Hosted resource reference](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/resource-reference-hosted) for more information.

### Additional Deployment-level permissions customization

:::publicpreview
:::

The ability to customize Deployment-level permissions with Deployment roles is now in [Public Preview](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/feature-previews) for Enterprise tier users.

> Enterprise-tier users can additionally use the new **Workplace Accessor** and **Deployment Admin** roles to define which users have access to specific Deployments in your Workspace. See more in the [User permissions reference](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/user-permissions#workspace-roles), [Deployment Admin](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/user-permissions#deployment-roles), and [Create and assign custom Deployment roles](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/customize-deployment-roles).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can additionally use the new **Workplace Accessor** and **Deployment Admin** roles to define which users have access to specific Deployments in your Workspace. See more in [User permissions reference](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/user-permissions#workspace-roles) and and [Create and assign custom Deployment roles](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/customize-deployment-roles).
```

> New Asro CLI commands enable you to use the CLI to interact with and update your users' Deployment roles with the following commands:
> 
> - [`astro organization role list`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-organization-role-list)
> - [`astro deployment user`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-deployment-user)
> - [`astro deployment team`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-deployment-team)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I feel p strongly about keeping the CLI content separate from the core feature content here, let's either backport the CLI release notes or find another way to communicate this

### Export data from reporting dashboards with webhooks

:::publicpreview
:::

In addition to exporting report data with downloads or email, you can now [export reporting data](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/reporting-dash-exports) using webhooks. Use webhooks to send your reporting data to services such as Segment, Airtable, or Marketo.

> Note that Webhook exports is a [Sigma beta feature](https://help.sigmacomputing.com/docs/webhook-exports) and might experience behavior changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that webhook exports are a [Sigma feature in beta](https://help.sigmacomputing.com/docs/webhook-exports) and might experience behavior changes.
```

<!-- ALL LINKS TO INTERNAL DOCS MUST BE COMPLETE URLS INCLUDING HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## March 19, 2024

> ### New Astro Hosted regions added for Azure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### New Azure regions available on Astro Hosted
```

<HostedBadge/>

You can now create Hosted dedicated clusters in the following Azure regions:

- `centralus`
- `westus3`
- `southcentralus`

See [Astro Hosted resource reference](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/resource-reference-hosted) for more information.

### Additional Deployment-level permissions customization

:::publicpreview
:::

The ability to customize Deployment-level permissions with Deployment roles is now in [Public Preview](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/feature-previews) for Enterprise tier users.

> In addition to this change, you can now use the new roles, **Workplace Accessor** and **Deployment Admin** to refine how you control who has access to your Deployments. See more in the [User permissions reference](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/user-permissions#workspace-roles), [Deployment Admin](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/user-permissions#deployment-admin), and [Create and assign custom Deployment roles](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/customize-deployment-roles).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enterprise-tier users can additionally use the new **Workplace Accessor** and **Deployment Admin** roles to define which users have access to specific Deployments in your Workspace. See more in the [User permissions reference](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/user-permissions#workspace-roles), [Deployment Admin](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/user-permissions#deployment-admin), and [Create and assign custom Deployment roles](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/customize-deployment-roles).
```

New Asro CLI commands enable you to use the CLI to interact with and update your users' Deployment roles with the following commands:

> * [`astro organization role list`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-organization-role-list)
> * [`astro deployment user`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-deployment-user)
> * [`astro deployment team`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-deployment-team)
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`astro organization role list`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-organization-role-list)
- [`astro deployment user`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-deployment-user)
- [`astro deployment team`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-deployment-team)
```

> ### Export data from Reporting Dashboards with webhooks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Export data from reporting dashboards with webhooks
```

:::publicpreview
:::

> In addition to exporting report data with downloads or email, you can now [export reporting data](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/reporting-dash-exports) using webhooks, so you can send your Astronomer data to your webhook endpoints such as Segment, Airtable, or Marketo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to exporting report data with downloads or email, you can now [export reporting data](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/reporting-dash-exports) using webhooks. Use webhooks to send your reporting data to services such as Segment, Airtable, or Marketo.
```

Note that Webhook exports is a [Sigma beta feature](https://help.sigmacomputing.com/docs/webhook-exports) and might experience behavior changes.

### Additional improvements

> - Added a new **Credits** tab to the [Organization Billing page](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-billing), so you can see your credit balance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now use the new **Credits** tab to the [Organization Billing page](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-billing) so you can see your credit balance.
```

> - For Astro Hybrid, the maximum worker concurrency increased from `64` to `256`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- On Astro Hybrid, the maximum worker concurrency on a worker queue has increased from `64` to `256`.
```
